README.md, before:

# Foreign License Appointment Tracker 🚗🇯🇵

Automated tool to monitor Tokyo license conversion appointments. Notifies when slots open up within the next 10 days.

## Features
- 🕵️ Automated screenshot capture of appointment system
- 🤖 AI analysis using OpenAI gpt-4.1-mini realesed April 22, 2025
- 🔔 Audio & console alerts when appointments found
- ♻️ Configurable check interval (default: 30 seconds)
- 🗑️ Automatic cleanup of screenshot files

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js v18+
- npm
- OpenAI API key

```bash
git clone https://github.com/parkerhutcheson/foreign-license-appointment-tracker.git
cd foreign-license-appointment-tracker
npm install
```

### Configuration
1. Create `.env` file:
```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here
```

2. Customize constants in `utils/constants.js`:
```javascript
export const CHECK_INTERVAL = 30000; // 30 seconds
export const SCREENSHOTS_DIR = './screenshots'; // Storage path
```

3. Add alert sound file at `./sounds/aiscream.mp3` (or add something less annoying)

## Usage
```bash
npm start
```

## How It Works
1. Takes screenshot of appointment portal every x seconds/minutes
2. Uses AI to analyze for available dates
3. Triggers alarm if any slot within 10 days is found
4. Logs results and cleans up screenshot files

## Disclaimer
Use responsibly. Frequent checks may get your IP blocked. Always comply with the official portal's terms of service.

Commit message:

update readme to reflect scraping method

README.md, after:

# Foreign License Appointment Tracker 🚗🇯🇵

Automated tool to monitor Tokyo license conversion appointments. Notifies when slots open up within the next 10 days.

## Features
- 📅 Monitors Tokyo foreign license appointment system with traditional web scraping or AI
- 🕵️ Automated screenshot capture of appointment system
- 🤖 AI analysis using OpenAI gpt-4.1-mini released April 22, 2025
- 🔔 Audio & console alerts when appointments found
- ♻️ Configurable check interval (default: 30 seconds)
- 🗑️ Automatic cleanup of screenshot files

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js v18+
- npm
- OpenAI API key (if you want to use AI features)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/parkerhutcheson/foreign-license-appointment-tracker.git
cd foreign-license-appointment-tracker
npm install
```

### Configuration
1. Create `.env` file:
```env
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_key_here
```

2. Customize constants in `utils/constants.js`:
```javascript
export const USE_CHATGPT = true; // Set to false to disable AI analysis
export const CHECK_INTERVAL = 30000; // 30 seconds
export const SCREENSHOTS_DIR = './screenshots'; // Storage path
```

3. Add alert sound file at `./sounds/aiscream.mp3` (or add something less annoying)

## Usage
```bash
npm start
```

## How It Works
### Traditional Scraping
1. Looks for available dates on the appointment site through HTML parsing
2. Triggers alarm if any slot within 10 days is found
3. Logs results 

### AI-Powered Analysis
1. Takes screenshots of the appointment page at intervals
2. Uses AI to analyze for available dates
3. Triggers alarm if any slot within 10 days is found
4. Logs results and cleans up screenshot files

## Disclaimer
Use responsibly. Frequent checks may get your IP blocked. Always comply with the official portal's terms of service.
